<!-- Code generated by gomarkdoc. DO NOT EDIT -->

# permission

```go
import "github.com/sweet-juice/sweetjuice/plugins/permission"
```

Package permission provides a standard plugin for handling Android runtime permissions. It bridges the Go application with the native Android permission system.

## Index

- [type PermissionPlugin](<#PermissionPlugin>)
  - [func NewPlugin\(\) \*PermissionPlugin](<#NewPlugin>)
  - [func \(p \*PermissionPlugin\) Check\(permission string\) \(string, error\)](<#PermissionPlugin.Check>)
  - [func \(p \*PermissionPlugin\) Init\(app \*core.Application\) error](<#PermissionPlugin.Init>)
  - [func \(p \*PermissionPlugin\) Name\(\) string](<#PermissionPlugin.Name>)
  - [func \(p \*PermissionPlugin\) Request\(permission string\) \(string, error\)](<#PermissionPlugin.Request>)


<a name="PermissionPlugin"></a>
## type PermissionPlugin

PermissionPlugin handles the Go\-side logic for the permissions system. It allows Go code to check and request permissions via the native bridge.

```go
type PermissionPlugin struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

<a name="NewPlugin"></a>
### func NewPlugin

```go
func NewPlugin() *PermissionPlugin
```

NewPlugin creates a new instance of the PermissionPlugin.

<a name="PermissionPlugin.Check"></a>
### func \(\*PermissionPlugin\) Check

```go
func (p *PermissionPlugin) Check(permission string) (string, error)
```

Check queries the status of a specific permission synchronously. Example permission: "android.permission.CAMERA"

<a name="PermissionPlugin.Init"></a>
### func \(\*PermissionPlugin\) Init

```go
func (p *PermissionPlugin) Init(app *core.Application) error
```

Init initializes the plugin with the Sweet Juice application context and registers the "permissions:result" native callback handler.

<a name="PermissionPlugin.Name"></a>
### func \(\*PermissionPlugin\) Name

```go
func (p *PermissionPlugin) Name() string
```

Name returns the plugin name "permissions".

<a name="PermissionPlugin.Request"></a>
### func \(\*PermissionPlugin\) Request

```go
func (p *PermissionPlugin) Request(permission string) (string, error)
```

Request triggers a native permission request dialog on Android. The result will be delivered asynchronously via the "permissions:changed" event.

Generated by [gomarkdoc](<https://github.com/princjef/gomarkdoc>)
